hey guys it's Jeremy from Hawk review
hq.com today I'm doing a review of the
Smart Hawk and stick healing ball using
this for quite a while so I'm gonna do a
full review on it tell you what I think
about it and just give you a bit of
information about it first me to be nice
close-up look here is the smart hockey
stick healing bone that's close stuff
look for you can see this one's a bit
beat up I've been using this woman for
probably over six months now surprised I
haven't lost yet but I use it a lot
asphalt and pavement a nice smooth
surface as well and it is still in great
condition I use it all the time and it's
got a nice durable outer core so it's
gonna last for the long time as far as
the size that is smaller than a puck so
I see the there in the background
it's also taller than a hockey puck but
the idea is that line right there is the
same point that your stick is gonna
contact the puck so it was made to have
the same contact point as a puck and
also it's a bit lighter than a puck but
on ice a puck slides really easily
so it feels lighter so they made this a
bit lighter so it feels the same as a
pock would feel on the ice so that's
sort of like a smart design that's why
they call it I guess smart hockey and
now I'm just going to use it and give me
you a few bit more information here's me
and just using the stick handling ball
and right now I'm just doing some quick
hands trying to move the ball back and
forth really quickly and then I do a few
dekes or wide movements so just moving a
quick to one side to the other and I
just like to try a whole bunch of
different things there's tons of drills
you can do with stick handling ball or a
green biscuit or a puck and if you want
to see 20 stick handling drills that you
can do off ice just check out our review
and I have a link to 20 off I stick
alien drills and yeah I just have your
toe genetics and all kinds of stuff so
that's just me using the ball and I'm
just gonna give you my overall views on
it
overall definitely like the smart hockey
stick killing ball it's actually
something that I think every hockey
player should have just because it's
something that you can throw down your
package stick and anytime you want so I
mean I have one in my hockey bag I have
one in my house and if I have a few
other ones lying around that here and
there I just like to use them for you
know if I get bored I toss down stick
any ball mess around with it a bit
there's a bunch of products that I like
for stick handling I recommend I use a
golf ball I use the smart hockey stick
thing ball wouldn't stick counting balls
the green biscuit I love just regular
hockey puck and a weighted puck so I
mean it's five or six different things
that I just have on my shooting pad and
you know when I'm doing practice when I
practising stick handling I just you
know I mess around with one and then the
next one the next one and just works
your muscles in different ways you know
golf balls bounce around so it's going
to be really quick this one feels a lot
like a ball the green biscuit it's nice
and flat has the same physics to the
puck so I like that so those are some
things that you can use I definitely
recommend having a smart Hawk
gesticulating ball toss when your hockey
bag you can practice before a game warm
up in the dress from a little bit I just
get that feel so I'll pick one of these
up head over to Hawk review hq.com
and we have a full review we have links
to where you can get it and so the more
information about smart hockey stick
candy balls thanks up for watching the
video guys see you in the next one and
if you have used one of these leave your
comment in the section below